#https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/apache-solr-search-playbook
#https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/enterprise-search-using-apache-solr
#https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/implementing-search-dotnet-applications
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ng-big-picture
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-2-getting-started-update
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-forms
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-cli
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/best-practices-angular
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-architecture-best-practices
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-2-reactive-forms
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-ngrx-getting-started
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-http-communication
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-services
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-fundamentals
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-routing
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/openid-and-oauth2-securing-angular-apps
##https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/unit-testing-angular

#aws storage
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-elastic-block-store-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-elastic-file-system-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-s3-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/amazon-ec2-storage-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/amazon-aws-glacier-archiving
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-storage-gateway-provisioning-managing
#aws operation
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/automating-aws-operations-aws-cli
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/deploying-application-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-operations-devops-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-operations-designing-infrastructure-deployment
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-operations-deploying-basic-infrastructure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/implementing-testing-blue-green-deployments-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-operations-managing
#aws scalability
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-ec2-auto-scaling-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-load-balancing-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-auto-scaling-resources
#AWS database
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-amazon-rds
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/administering-amazon-aurora-amazon-rds
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-dynamodb-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-redshift-data-warehousing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-amazon-neptune-graph-database
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-database-migration-service-migrating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-database-amazon-elasticache
#AWS Networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-network-design-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/implementing-aws-networking-security-groups
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-networking-deep-dive-elb
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-networking-deep-dive-route-53-dns
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-networking-deep-dive-vpc
#AWS Compute
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-managing-ec2-instances
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-managing-docker-containers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/using-docker-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-managing-applications
#Architecting in AWS
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-architecting-reliability
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/architecting-security-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-architecting-cost
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/architecting-operational-excellence-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/architecting-performance-efficiency-aws
#AWS Big Data
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/big-data-aws-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/serverless-analytics-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-s3-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-dynamodb-deep-dive-2019
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/amazon-redshift-data-warehouse
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-kinesis-processing-app
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-big-data-production
#AWS IoT Path
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-iot-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-iot-amazon-1click
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/integrating-aws-iot-core
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-iot-device-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-iot-device-defender
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-iot-amazon-greengrass
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-iot-analytics
#AWS Cloud Security
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-security-introduction
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/identity-access-management-aws-users
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/securing-data-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/securing-aws-infrastructure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-cloud-security-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-networking-deep-dive-vpc
#AWS Machine Learning /AI
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-amazon-lex
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-comprehend-analyzing-text
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-polly-voice-enabled-serverless-website
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-translate-text
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-transcribe-speech-text
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-rekognition-developing-applications
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-sagemaker-machine-learning-models
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-ami-deep-learning-instances-frameworks
#AWS Certified Developer Associate
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-developer-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-developer-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-developer-designing-developing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-developer-deployment-security
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-developer-serverless-architecture-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-developer-demystifying-associate-exam
#AWS Certified DevOps Engineer
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/continuous-delivery-automation-aws-certified-devops-engineer
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/monitoring-metrics-logging-aws-certified-devops-engineer
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/security-governance-validation-aws-certified-devops-engineer
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/high-availability-elasticity-aws-certified-devops-engineer
#AWS Certified Solutions Architect -Associate
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-architecting-reliability
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/architecting-security-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-architecting-cost
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/architecting-operational-excellence-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/architecting-performance-efficiency-aws
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/demystifying-aws-certified-solutions-architect-associate-exam
#Identify and Access Management on AWS
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/identity-access-management-aws-users
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/identity-access-management-aws-roles-groups
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/identity-access-management-aws-policies-permissions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/identity-access-management-aws-designing-implementing
#AWS Certified SysOps Adminitrator Associate
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-operations-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-cloud-security-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-ec2-auto-scaling-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-load-balancing-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aws-auto-scaling-resources

######AZURE
#Microsoft Azure for Developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-the-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/introduction-azure-app-services
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-functions-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-cosmos-db
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-developers-what-to-use
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-paas-building-global-app
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-adding-search-abilities-apps
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-function-triggers-quick-start
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-blob-storage-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-design-patterns-availability-resilience
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-design-patterns-design-implementation
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-design-patterns-data-management-performance
#Integration on Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implementing-web-mobile-services-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-enterprise-messaging-eventing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-microsoft-graph-app-service-integrating
#Testing on Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-load-testing-performing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-unit-integration-testing-performing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-end-to-end-automated-testing-performing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-integrity-testing-performing
#Microsoft Azure Deployment
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deployment-requirements-specifying
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deployment-environment-configuring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-web-applications-services-deploying
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-containers-deploying-managing
#Monitoring Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-resources-workloads-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-security-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-hybrid-cloud-networks-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-subscription-resource-utilization-analyzing
#Microsoft Azure Compute for Developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-virtual-machines-provisioning
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implementing-web-mobile-services-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-web-jobs
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-enterprise-logic-app-creating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-service-fabric-programming-models
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-serverless-functions-create
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-batch-getting-started
#Application Development on Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-code-refactoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-vsts-code-reviews-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-ensuring-configurability
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-textual-content-search-enabling
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-autoscaling-developing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-developer-creating-integrating-ai-services-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-bot-framework-building-bots-getting-started-2019
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-iot-solutions-creating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-machine-learning-studio-solutions-deploy-create
#Microsoft Azure Storage for Developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-storage-connecting
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-table-storage-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-blob-storage-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-cosmos-db
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-cache-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-storage-cdns-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-file-storage-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-lake-storage-gen2-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-sql-database-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-storage-cors-access-configuring
#Managing Microsoft Azure Networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implement-manage-virtual-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-connecting-virtual-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-managing-public-networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-on-premises-networks-virtual-networks-connecting
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-network-load-balancing-managing
#Planning Microsoft Azure Infrastructure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-storage-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-compute-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-networking-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-strategy-infrastructure-design
#Designing Microsoft Azure Applications
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-functional-non-functional-requirements-aligning
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-existing-products-services-technologies-identify
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-storage-solution-choosing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-appropriate-compute-solution-choosing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-appropriate-integration-solution-identifying
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-solution-detailed-design-creating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-test-strategy-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-developers-what-to-use
#Managing Microsoft Azure Compute
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-virtual-machine-deploying
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-configuring-virtual-machines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-virtual-machines-backing-up
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deploying-multiple-virtual-machines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-migrating-physical-virtual-servers
#Managing Microsoft Azure Storage
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-blob-storage-configuring-using
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-configure-files
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-backup-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-creating-configuring-storage-accounts
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-import-export-data
#.NET Developer on Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/developing-dotnet-microsoft-azure-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-dotnet-cloud-architecture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-dotnet-secure-services-applications
#Node.js Developer on Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/developing-nodejs-microsoft-azure-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-nodejs-cloud-architecture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-nodejs-secure-services-applications
#Planning Microsoft Azure Solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-enterprise-architecture-information-gathering
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-roles-responsibilities-identifying
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-non-functional-requirements-gathering
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-feasibility-determining-requirements-refining
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-detailed-solution-design-documenting
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-one-time-costs-estimating-recurring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-proposed-solution-relevant-parties-validating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-strategy-solution-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-consumption-strategy-optimizing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-information-architecture-requirements-identify
#Building Data Pipelines in Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-databricks-environment-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-building-streaming-data-pipelines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-batch-data-building
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-integrating
#Securing Data and Applications in Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-configuring-encryption-data-rest
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-applications-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-key-vault-configuring-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-configuring-data-security-policies
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-infrastructure-security-configuring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-securing-application-lifecycle
#Azure Data Solution (DP-201)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-storage-service-selecting
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-access-endpoints-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-databases-access-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-access-storage-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-security-policy-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implementing-data-continuity-availability
#Microsoft Azure Administrator (AZ-103)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-subscriptions-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-resource-groups-using
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-subscription-resource-utilization-analyzing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-role-based-access-control-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-creating-configuring-storage-accounts
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-import-export-data
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-backup-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-resources-workloads-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-configure-files
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-virtual-machine-deploying
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-configuring-virtual-machines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-virtual-machines-backing-up
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-migrating-physical-virtual-servers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implement-manage-virtual-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-connecting-virtual-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-on-premises-networks-virtual-networks-connecting
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-network-load-balancing-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deploying-multiple-virtual-machines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-managing-public-networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-multi-factor-authentication-implementing-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-active-directory-managing-identities
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-hybrid-identity-overview
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-privileged-identity-management-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-resources-managed-identities-implementing
#Managing Microsoft Azure Identity and Security
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-resource-groups-using
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-subscriptions-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-multi-factor-authentication-implementing-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-active-directory-managing-identities
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-information-protection-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-privileged-identity-management-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-hybrid-identity-overview
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-resources-managed-identities-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-role-based-access-control-managing
#Application Security on Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-authentication-scenarios-developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-managing-active-directory
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/hack-yourself-first
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/web-security-owasp-top10-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/secure-coding-preventing-insufficient-logging-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/secure-coding-identifying-mitigating-xxe-vulnerabilities
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/secure-coding-insecure-deserialization-preventing
#Securing Microsoft Azure Data Solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-access-endpoints-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-databases-access-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-access-storage-securing
#Enabling Platform Protection in Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-configuring-virtual-machines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implement-manage-virtual-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-networks-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-security-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-host-security-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deployment-security-maintaining
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-subscription-security-implementing
#Configuring Identity and Access in Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-ad-privileged-identity-management-configuring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-multi-factor-authentication-implementing-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/configuring-aad-microsoft-azure-workloads
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/securing-microsoft-azure-subscriptions
#Microsoft Azure Stack Planning and Operations
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-stack-development-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-stack-development-environments-creating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-stack-solutions-architectural-patterns
#Infrastructure and Configuration on Microsoft Azure for DevOps Engineers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-arm-templates-infrastructure-devops
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-kubernetes-infrastructure-manage
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-infrastructure-control-compliance-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-provision-resources
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-imperative-vm-implement
#Monitoring and Troubleshooting Code on Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-performance-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-application-insights-web-application-instrument
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-application-logging-diagnostic-logs-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-portal-troubleshooting-using
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-troubleshooting-advanced
#Managing Microsoft Azure App Services
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-app-services-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-app-service-plan-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-app-service-protection-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-marketplace-tools-resources-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-serverless-computing-configuring
#Planning Microsoft Azure Data Solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-management-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-protection-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-flows-document-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-warehousing-plan
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-strategy-data-platform-designing
#Planning Microsoft Azure Identity and Security
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-identity-management-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-authentication-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-authorization-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-auditing-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-risk-prevention-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-strategy-identity-security-design
#Planning Microsoft Azure Deployment & Integration
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deployments-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-migrations-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-messaging-architecture-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-api-management-strategy-designing
#Planning Microsoft Azure Business Continuity
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-site-recovery-strategy-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-disaster-recovery-strategy-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-high-availability-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-archiving-strategy-designing
#Microsoft Azure Architect Technologies (AZ-300)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-multi-factor-authentication-implementing-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-active-directory-managing-identities
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-hybrid-identity-overview
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-resources-workloads-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-creating-configuring-storage-accounts
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implement-manage-virtual-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-on-premises-networks-virtual-networks-connecting
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-network-load-balancing-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-serverless-computing-configuring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deploying-multiple-virtual-machines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-migrating-physical-virtual-servers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-storage-solution-choosing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-appropriate-integration-solution-identifying
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implementing-web-mobile-services-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-service-fabric-programming-models
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-containers-deploying-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-enterprise-messaging-eventing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-authentication-scenarios-developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-autoscaling-developing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-developer-creating-integrating-ai-services-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-bot-framework-building-bots-getting-started-2019
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-iot-solutions-creating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-batch-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-appropriate-compute-solution-choosing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-virtual-machine-deploying
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-connecting-virtual-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-role-based-access-control-managing
#Developing Solutions for Microsoft Azure (AZ-203)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-virtual-machines-provisioning
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deploying-multiple-virtual-machines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-securing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-containers-deploying-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-web-jobs
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-serverless-functions-create
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-cosmos-db
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-sql-database-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-blob-storage-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-resources-managed-identities-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-managing-active-directory
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-creating-configuring-storage-accounts
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-storage-cdns-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-cache-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-application-insights-web-application-instrument
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-enterprise-logic-app-creating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-textual-content-search-enabling
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implementing-web-mobile-services-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-enterprise-messaging-eventing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-performance-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-autoscaling-developing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-authentication-scenarios-developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-batch-getting-started
#Continuous Integration on Microsoft Azure for DevOps Engineers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-creating-automated-build-workflow
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-devops-application-testing-visual-studio
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-code-quality
#Continuous Delivery on Microsoft Azure for DevOps Engineers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-devops-continuous-delivery-release-pipelines
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-manage-modularize-tasks-templates
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-select-implement-appropriate-deployment-pattern
#Microsoft Azure Architect Design (AZ-301)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-enterprise-architecture-information-gathering
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-non-functional-requirements-gathering
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-feasibility-determining-requirements-refining
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-strategy-solution-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-consumption-strategy-optimizing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-auditing-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-identity-management-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-authentication-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-authorization-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-risk-prevention-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-strategy-identity-security-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-management-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-protection-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-flows-document-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-strategy-data-platform-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-site-recovery-strategy-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-high-availability-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-archiving-strategy-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-deployments-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-migrations-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-api-management-strategy-designing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-storage-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-compute-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-networking-strategy-design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-monitoring-strategy-infrastructure-design
#Continuous Delivery and DevOps With Azure DevOps
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/continuous-delivery-azure-devops-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/tfs-visual-studio-2017-continuous-delivery-devops
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-devops-continuous-delivery-managing-builds
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/tfs-visual-studio-2017-release-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/tfs-visual-studio-2017-microsoft-features-packages-versioning
#Monitoring and Managing Microsoft Azure Data Solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-storage-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-database-playbook-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-data-pipelines-processing-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-alert-playbook-configuration
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-optimizing-data-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-implementing-data-continuity-availability
#Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) using Microsoft Azure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-ad-deploying-integrating
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-storage-understanding-using
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-networking-architecting-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-iaas-virtual-machines-deploying-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-services-providing-disaster-recovery
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/microsoft-azure-managing-active-directory
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/azure-iaas-solutions-automating-deployment-scale
####DOCKEE
#Managing Containers with Docker
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/docker-kubernetes-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/docker-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/docker-swarm-mode-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/securing-docker-platform
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/docker-windows-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/docker-networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/implementing-self-hosted-docker-registry
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/securing-docker-container-workloads
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/managing-load-balancing-scale-docker-swarm-clusters
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/docker-deep-dive-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/docker-images-managing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/containerizing-software-application-docker
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/monitoring-containerized-app-health-docker
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/handling-data-stateful-applications-docker
###vSphere
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vsphere-6-5-foundations-introduction
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vsphere-6-5-foundations-install-configure-vcenter-esxi
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vsphere-6-5-foundations-configure-vsphere-networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vsphere-6-5-foundations-admin-virtual-machines-vapps
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vsphere-6-5-foundations-availability-resource-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vsphere-6-5-foundations-perform-basic-troubleshooting
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/whats-new-vsphere-6-5
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vsphere-6-5-foundations-perform-basic-monitoring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/vsphere-6-5-foundations-configure-vsphere-storage
#Data Engineering on Google Cloud Platform
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-big-data-machine-learning-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/leveraging-unstructured-data-cloud-dataproc-google-cloud-platform
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/serverless-data-analysis-google-bigquery-cloud-dataflow
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/serverless-machine-learning-tensorflow-google-cloud-platform
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/building-resilient-streaming-systems-google-cloud-platform
#Architecting with Google Cloud Platform: Infrastructure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/gcp-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/gcp-infrastructure-core-services
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/gcp-infrastructure-foundation
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/gcp-infrastructure-scaling-automation
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/gcp-infrastructure-containers-services
#Agile Fundamentals (ICAgile)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/achieving-agile-mindset-icagile
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/empowering-your-team-icagile
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/delivering-value-quickly-icagile
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-your-customers-involved-icagile
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/adapting-your-processes-planning-icagile
#Configuration Management using Puppet 4
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/puppet-system-administrators-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/puppet-4-language-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/puppet-4-working-modules-classes
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/puppet-4-files-templates
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/puppet-4-hiera
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/puppet-4-server-puppet-enterprise
#Google: Professional Cloud Architect
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-compute-engine-solutions-choosing-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-architecting-storage-configurations
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-appengine-architecting-scalable-web-applications
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-appengine-leveraging-advanced-features
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-apigee-api-management-streamlining
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-kubernetes-engine-leveraging-advanced-features
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-functions-architecting-event-driven-serverless-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/gcp-leveraging-network-interconnection-options
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-leveraging-load-balancing-options
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-leveraging-advanced-networking-load-balancing-services
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-stackdriver-managing-cloud-resources
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-kubernetes-engine-deploying-containerized-workloads
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/gcp-vcp-networks-architecting-global-private-clouds
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-stackdriver-managing-logs-errors-application-performance
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-iam-regulating-resource
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-armor-security-scanner-data-loss-prevention-api-leveraging
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/managed-instance-groups-building-scalable-compute-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-key-management-service-customer-managed-encryption-keys-cmek-implementing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-deployment-manager-automating-infrastructure
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-leveraging-architectural-design-patterns
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-billing-apis-analyzing-visualizing-resource-usage
#Linux Foundation Certified Engineer (LFCE)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-networking-advanced-lfce
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/advanced-network-system-administration-lfce
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/security-network-host-lfce
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/https-advanced-services-linux-lfce
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-service-management-advanced-email-services
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-http-services-administration
#Linux Fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-linux
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-linux-command-line
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-linux-system-administration
#LPIC-1
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-red-hat-7-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-operation-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-user-group-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-storage-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/creating-shell-scripts-enterprise-linux
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-service-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-virtualization-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-managing-software-debian-software-management
#LPIC-2
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-monitoring-maintenance
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-kernel-system-startup
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-advanced-file-system-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-managing-dns-servers-lpic-2
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-managing-web-services-lpic-2
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-managing-file-services-lpic-2
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-network-client-management-lpic-2
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-email-servers-lpic-2
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-system-security-lpic-2
#LPI Linux Essentials (010-160)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/introduction-linux-essentials-010-160-exam
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-linux
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-linux-command-line
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-linux-system-administration
#Understanding DevOps
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/devops-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/implementing-devops-real-world
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/agile-project-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/test-driven-development-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/continuous-integration-delivery-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/orchestration-automation-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/infrastructure-code-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/testing-automation-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/continuous-monitoring-big-picture
#CompTIA Linux+ (XK0-004)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-red-hat-7-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-operation-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-user-group-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-storage-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-service-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-virtualization-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/linux-managing-software-debian-software-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/creating-shell-scripts-enterprise-linux
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/security-enhanced-linux-selinux-fundamentals
#Linux Foundation Certified System Administrator (LFCS)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-red-hat-7-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-operation-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-user-group-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-storage-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-service-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-virtualization-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/creating-shell-scripts-enterprise-linux
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/managing-selinux-policies-enterprise-linux
#Red Hat Certified System Administrator (RHCSA)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-red-hat-7-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-operation-essentials
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-user-group-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-storage-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-networking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-service-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/lfcs-linux-virtualization-management
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/creating-shell-scripts-enterprise-linux
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/managing-selinux-policies-enterprise-linux
#JavaScript
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/html-css-javascript-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/42de3814-9894-4dd5-8bf3-6946b5dcc242
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/51aa0e0b-5527-46da-9789-de0ec381bd7e
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-objects-prototypes
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-practical-design-patterns
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-jquery-advanced-techniques
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/javascript-best-practices
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/rapid-es6-training
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/db8ce03f-69d7-403e-b07f-6f7919e27ca5
#React
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/react-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/react-js-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/react-fundamentals-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/using-react-hooks
https://app.pluralsight.com/projects/build-a-quiz-component-with-react
#Java Unit Testing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/junit-5-unit-testing-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/mockito-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/tdd-junit5
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-unit-testing-legacy-code
#Java EE Foundations
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-ee-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-web-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/a9601fa2-4d36-41f3-a0c2-58f152d838bc
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-ee-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-ee-7-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-persistence-api-21
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/context-dependency-injection-1-1
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/bean-validation
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/build-asynchronous-restful-services-jersey
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/enterprise-jms-playbook
#Java
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/modern-java-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-fundamentals-language
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-fundamentals-collections
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/56cf5a22-2068-4626-86d2-d08619610d3b
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/4841e9b2-d3bf-4441-b8db-7b0b99d7bc33
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/769e442d-0c13-414c-b244-7874dde8b99b
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/whats-new-in-java-13
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-fundamentals-core-platform
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-generics
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/2725377c-611e-4e14-a81f-1be8cdaf4151
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-8-lambda-expressions-collections-streams
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java8-dates-times-programming
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-core-libraries-jdbc
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-fundamentals-httpclient
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/getting-started-spring-batch
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/whats-new-java-10-local-variable-type-inference
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/whats-new-spring-5
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-ee-8-whats-new
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/xml-java-using-jaxb
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/xml-java-using-jaxb
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-fundamentals-nio-nio2
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-9-whats-new
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-9-micro-experimentation-tools
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-fundamentals-exception-handling
#Google: Professional Cloud Data Engineer
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-fundamentals-styles-themes
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-dataproc-architecting-big-data-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-composer-building-pipelines-workflow-orchestration
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-dataflow-architecting-serverless-big-data-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-pubsub-architecting-stream-processing-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-bigquery-architecting-data-warehousing-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/sql-bigquery-ml-building-machine-learning-models
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-sql-creating-administering-instances
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-spanner-creating-administering-instances
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-datastore-nosql-architecting-schemaless-scalable-databases
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-memorystore-redis-leveraging-fully-managed-datastores
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-firestore-leveraging-realtime-database-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-firebase-architecting-scalable-web-applications
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-bigtable-architecting-big-data-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-datalab-source-repositories-developing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-machine-learning-apis-designing-implementing-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-automl-designing-implementing-solutions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-ml-engine-architecting-production-ready-models
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-platform-designing-scalable-data-architectures
#Google Cloud Functions
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-functions-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-cloud-functions-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/firebase-functions-fundamentals
#Design Patterns in Java
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/design-patterns-java-creational
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/design-patterns-java-structural
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/design-patterns-java-behavioral
#Core Spring
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/spring-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/creating-first-spring-boot-application
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/spring-framework-spring-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/springmvc-intro
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/spring-mvc4-introduction
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/building-applications-spring-jdbc
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/spring-jpa-hibernate
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/spring-data-jpa-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/aspect-oriented-programming-spring-aspectj
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/spring-security-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/spring-cloud-fundamentals
#Google: Associate Android Developer (AAD)
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-application-basics-understanding
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-tools-testing
https://app.pluralsight.com/projects/add-implicit-and-explicit-intents-to-an-android-candy-store-app
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-enhancing-application-experience
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-managing-app-data-sqlite
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-exposing-data-information-outside-app
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-leveraging-power-platform
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-broadening-app-appeal-reach
#iOS App Development — Fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/swift3-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ios-11-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/becoming-xcode-power-user
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ios-data-persistence-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ios-collection-views-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ios-networking-rest-apis
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/testing-fundamentals-ios
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/swift-core-data-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/server-side-swift-vapor-getting-started
#Java Coding Practices
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-writing-readable-maintainable-code
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/defensive-programming-java
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-refactoring-best-practices
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/solid-software-design-principles-java
#Java Tooling
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/intellij-ce-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/guided-tour-eclipse-for-java
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/maven-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/gradle-fundamentals
#CSS
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/html-css-javascript-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/css-intro
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/css-positioning-1834
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/c580b092-d94a-4ed8-8d2a-2f4d0b76f99f
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/less-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/responsive-websites-bootstrap3
https://app.pluralsight.com/interactive-courses/detail/a089d0a5-4a4c-4c4e-b883-c1bc64009619
https://app.pluralsight.com/projects/build-a-rock-climbing-company-landing-page-with-html-css
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/play-by-play-lea-verou
#Domain-Driven Design
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/clean-architecture-patterns-practices-principles
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/modern-software-architecture-domain-models-cqrs-event-sourcing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/domain-driven-design-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/domain-driven-design-in-practice
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/refactoring-anemic-domain-model
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/csharp-specification-pattern
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/domain-driven-design-legacy-projects
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/cqrs-in-practice
#droidcon NYC 2019
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-05
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-11
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-2019-session-12
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-15
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-16
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-17
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-19
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-2019-session-23
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-25
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-27
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-28
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-29
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-34
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-38
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-41
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-42
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-46
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-56
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-68
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/droidcon-nyc-session-62
#Android Development with Kotlin — App Fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-apps-kotlin-build-first-app
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-apps-kotlin-tools-testing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-kotlin-apps-resources-styles-themes
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-apps-kotlin-recyclerview-navigation-drawer
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/android-apps-kotlin-viewmodel-lifecycle
#Security for Hackers and Developers 
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/code-auditing-security-hackers-developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/fuzzing-security-hackers-developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/reverse-engineering-security-hackers-developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/exploit-development-security-hackers-developers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/malware-advanced-analysis-combating-exploit-kits
#Web Application Security
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/play-by-play-modern-web-security-patterns
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/https-every-developer-must-know
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/browser-security-headers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/modern-browser-security-reports
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/play-by-play-owasp-top-ten-2017
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/hack-yourself-first
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/secure-coding-identifying-mitigating-xxe-vulnerabilities
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/secure-coding-insecure-deserialization-preventing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/secure-coding-using-components-known-vulnerabilities
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/secure-coding-preventing-insufficient-logging-monitoring
#Ethical Hacking Fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-understanding
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-reconnaissance-footprinting
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-scanning-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-enumeration
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-vulnerability-analysis
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-system-hacking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-malware-threats
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-sniffing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-social-engineering
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-denial-service
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-session-hijacking
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-evading-ids-firewalls-honeypots
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-web-servers
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-web-applications
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-sql-injection
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-wireless-networks
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-mobile-platforms
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-hacking-internet-of-things
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-cloud-computing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-cryptography-ceh
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ethical-hacking-penetration-testing
#Otros
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/reactive-programming-java-12-rxjava-2
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/building-scalable-java-microservices-spring-boot-spring-cloud
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/applying-functional-programming-techniques-java
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/object-oriented-java-code
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/securing-java-web-application-data
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-ee-json-using-jsonp-jsonb
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-bdd-cucumber-gherkin-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/implementing-test-pyramid-strategy-java
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-performance-tuning
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-json-jackson-databinding
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-12-whats-new
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/automated-tests-java-fluent-interface-webdriver-selenium
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-fundamentals-reflection-api-method-handles
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-bdd-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/testng-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-securing-web-applications-aaa
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-11-whats-new
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-json-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/java-fundamentals-asynchronous-programming-completionstage

#Angular
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/ng-big-picture
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-2-getting-started-update
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-forms
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-cli
https://app.pluralsight.com/projects/build-an-album-store-product-page-with-angular
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-fundamentals
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-routing
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/openid-and-oauth2-securing-angular-apps
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/unit-testing-angular
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-2-reactive-forms
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-ngrx-getting-started
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-http-communication
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-services
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/best-practices-angular
https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/angular-architecture-best-practices

